4 programming paradigms in 45 minutes	-->	Aja Hammerly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3TBq__oKUzk

a history of bundles-2010 to 2017	-->	Andre Arko
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXFYjO8qDxk

a look at hooks	-->	Craig Buchek
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7F4kkdKQbQ

a new pair of shoes	-->	Jason R. Calrk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EjN2ep1T6M8

am i senior yet grow your career by teaching your peers	-->	Katlyn Parvin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcTmoOHhG9A

attention rubyists-you can write video games	-->	Cory Chamblin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bK9RX_CzCeI

augmenting human decision making with data science	-->	Kelsey Pedersen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUcamCBDNcg

better code through boring er tests	-->	Betsy Haibel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTQpD3o_FAw

bootcamp grads have feelings too	-->	Megan Tiu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=133HhIjmfRE

building a better openstruct	-->	Ariel Caplan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2IbJFCbBnQk

building a compacting gc for mri	-->	Aaron Patterson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Q7M513vewk

building hal-running ruby with your voice	-->	Jonan Scheffler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znvpPsLBZyg

building maintainable command-line tools with mruby	-->	Eric Hodel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96YgJSGaB3M

buuuuugs iiiiin spaaaaace	-->	Colin Fulton
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ZdF82h_GrM

c ruby c ruby go go ruby go	-->	Loren Segal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V1ZMQjm9I50

code reviews - honesty kindness inspiration - pick three	-->	Jacob Stoebel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hP_2XKYia9I

compiling ruby	-->	Kevin Deisz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWDOXi7Kj2o

composition	-->	James Dabbs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwo7ZTHS8Wg

computer science-the good parts	-->	Jeffrey Cohen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4V2kwMSDEsE

continuing education at work	-->	Katherine Wu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9uRho69xSAI

datacenter fires and other minor disasters	-->	Aja Hammerly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygu45C7bMHk

deletion driven development-code to delete code	-->	Chris Arcand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OfiIyNV00uI

deterministic solutions to intermittent failures	-->	Tim Mertens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JH9vugpPNyw

dispelling the dark magic-inside a ruby debugger	-->	Daniel Azuma
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UsrSu4x30Vo

diving into the details with dtrace	-->	Colin Jones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZzYyl5vAWcA

even the justice league works remotely	-->	Allison McMillan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7Z0uS2x_cY

finding beauty in the mundane	-->	Megan Tiu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZRgiVRqPVL4

finding responsibility	-->	Caleb Thompson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBdBoWAtLNI

finding your edge through a culture of feedback	-->	Paulette Luftig
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkLdO-SphxA

from no oss experience to the core team in 15 minutes a day	-->	Andre Arko
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jUe-9Y__KM

get off the tightrope	-->	Tom Stuart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdBELZG0UMY

getting unstuck-using the scientific method for debugging	-->	Caroline Taymor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=spwAyEn2VXs

git driven refactoring	-->	Ashley Ellis Pierce
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OgbQOsW61Y

great expectations - power-charging apprenticeship programs	-->	Louisa Barrett
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-J_OhgcvWU

grow your team in 90 days	-->	Cheryl Gore Schaefer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHABlefSVZk

growing old	-->	Chad Fowler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qH_y45he4-o

halve your memory usage with these 12 weird tricks	-->	Nate Berkopec
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZcqyuPeDao

hello gmom-addressing loneliness in end-of-life care	-->	Jeremy Flores
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLrRCmpVGw8

high cost tests and high value tests	-->	Noel Rappin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IS_9cRP9OZM

how i corrupted survey results and maybe ruined a business	-->	Mike Calhoun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFkym21cl4E

how i learned to stop worrying and love unit testing	-->	Valerie Woolard Srinivasan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cWneFu2EnOY

how i taught my dog to text selfies	-->	Greg Baugues
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ysfTZT_-tY

how to build a world-class rock paper scissors bot	-->	Dorothy Jane Wingrove
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vo3qdIBOiko

how to load 1m lines of ruby in 5s	-->	Andrew Metcalf
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVFEROmdCkQ

human errors	-->	Olivier Lacan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eASsqQsaNOA

implementing virtual machines in ruby and c	-->	Eleanor McHugh
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wN-pNr2arxI

improving coverage analysis	-->	Ryan Davis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljTO3HDw1sI

improving truffleruby s startup time with the substratevm	-->	Kevin Menard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hIMldcAzd5o

it s more fun to compute	-->	Julian Cheal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3wYX-HSkr0

jruby everywhere server client and embedded	-->	Thomas Enebo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xl7LVkvSnoc

just a ruby minute	-->	Andrew Faraday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hpoyjCB2WY

just when you thought you couldn t refactor any more	-->	Claudio B
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOa6FhMKsZ0

keyword args the killer ruby feature you aren t using	-->	Guyren G. Howe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4e-_bbFjPRg

leadership starts with listening-amplify your impact	-->	Heidi Helfand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJxQZixy4b8

learning fluency	-->	Sara Simon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZlOjCZlPLU

lending privilege	-->	Anjuan Simmons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zd4PsSk_0iQ

lies	-->	Ernie Miller
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Avf65oHa5vc

llvm-based jit compiler for mri	-->	Takashi Kokubun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ti4a7SXGWig

matz q a	-->	Yukihiro Matz Matsumoto
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1l3U1X3z0CE

metaprogramming not good enough	-->	Justin Weiss
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOvBmhukWI0

methods of memory management in mri	-->	Aaron Patterson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0UjXixkBV8

my meta moments	-->	John Dewyze
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0OAgZBNIixU

opening keynote	-->	Yukihiro Matz Matsumoto
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-A9eRzCBL0

orbital rocket guidance with ruby	-->	Nate Berkopec
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VMxct9B5S1A

packing your ruby application into a single executable	-->	Minqi Pan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1mme7HiLqzA

problem solved using logic programming to find answers	-->	Gavin McGimpsey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5Bi6_GOIB8

rainbows color theory for computers	-->	Lito Nicolai
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pGGY5P9ZCUA

rewriting rack-a functional approach	-->	Alex Wheeler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fVIVY7INWWQ

rhythmic recursion	-->	Celeen Rusk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cSPhgRgjwZs

rspec no longer works with activerecord	-->	Sam Phippen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VMcMqrpjAjU

rub berduck yconf i -mustache-you a question	-->	Tara Scherner de la Fuente
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onaCI461Bww

ruby for home-ec	-->	Adam Forsyth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iosgoDJl8VY

ruby red pandas and you	-->	Sean Marcia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jm9gEhXFUro

ruby s c extension problem and how we re solving it	-->	Chris Seaton
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLtjkP9bD_U

ruby versus the titans of fp	-->	Cassandra Cruz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25u-pp-7PHE

rubyik s cube	-->	Stafford Brunk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NTiGuvHkPOw

running global manufacturing on ruby among other things	-->	Lee Edwards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbNfz_Npbic

saving ruby from the apocalypse	-->	Jason Charnes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PiT2XEWae1c

set design-putting the art in architecture	-->	Betsy Haibel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWDPRWPtOeg

so you want to become a software engineer	-->	Shana Moore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8kAD9XTFwU

steal this talk-the best features ruby doesn t have yet	-->	John Feminella
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XrCU5r_NF2Q

that time i used ruby to crack my reddit password	-->	Haseeb Qureshi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywiwq9IpDEU

the good bad bug - fail your way to better code	-->	Jessica Rudder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PW3Pj5o70JA

the overnight failure	-->	Sebastian Sogamoso
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3c_9WG_aImQ

the unbearable vulnerability of open source	-->	Eileen M Uchitelle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zOB4e-1cvsU

there are no rules in ruby	-->	Max Jacobson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwFaScbQdIs

types and ruby programming language	-->	Soutaro Matsumoto
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fjv9GxPXtck

what does gil really guarantee you	-->	Daniel Vartanov
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1nNfTWHF2YY&t=7s

writing inclusively about technology topics	-->	Thursday Bram
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j1aLtqcTnk0

y2k and other disappointing disasters-how to create fizzle	-->	Heidi Waterhouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddrFcg731tg

you re insufficiently persuasive	-->	Sandi Metz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzWLGMtXflg
